[OSDOCS#17012]: CQA bare metal ipi install cluster 3 (#117634)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-troubleshooting-cleaning-up-previous-installations.adoc

[id="ipi-install-troubleshooting-cleaning-up-previous-installations_{context}"]
= Cleaning up previous installations

[role="_abstract"]

> You can remove the artifacts from the failed deployment attempt before trying to deploy {product-title} again.

Reviewer: Use "a/an/any" instead of "the" here, but also I would remove "can" because it seems like something you have to do if you have artifacts from a previous install attempt:

```suggestion
You must remove the artifacts from any failed deployment attempt before trying to deploy {product-title} again.
```
